Good morning, today I am reviewing ICICI Lombard's
Elevate plan. When I
heard about this plan and studied about it, the
first thing that came to my mind was that when we
go to buy a car, we get a car along with it. Do we need an
accessory fog lamp, seat
cover, seat cushion, or
10, 20, or 25 accessories?
Our salesman will ask us, then we
can add what we need. That's exactly how it is.
The ICICI Elevate plan
has a base plan, and
then there are about 25 add-ons in it, if
we need them, we can add them,
and then we can determine the cost. This
means that it
is a best health insurance plan with the freedom to choose what we need.
ICICI Lombard's Elevate plan is
about that plan. Today, we are
looking at the maximum. This plan has many features that are industry first and the
most important of which is Infinite
Samsha.  That is, we have heard of the option of 10 lakhs and 10 lakhs. The
option called Infinite Samsha means that there is no limit to it.
Such an option has
been included in the plan. Similarly, all companies say that 24-hour
hospitalization is mandatory.
Here, two hours of
hospitalization is enough. You just need to pay attention to two things,
namely, a
bed hospital should be allocated.
Similarly, if there is a discharge summary,
we can claim cash or insurance for two hours of hospitalization. That means, there are
many other features and more to
talk about this plan.
Watch the video till the end to know everything about it. If this is your first time watching this channel, let
me
introduce myself. My name is Binoy. I have
been working in the field of insurance investment and banking for the last 20 years.
[Music]
The company says that five infinites have been added to ICICI's Elevate plan. Let's see what those five infinites are.
One is
Infinite Samsha. I said it first.
Infinite Samsha is a new concept.  I have
heard of insurance from lakhs to lakhs to 10 lakhs and so on. Here, the
infinite insurance means that there is no limit to it.
We can use it as much as we want.
That is an option. The company can use the insurance from
lakhs to lakhs to 10 lakhs to 3 crores.
We can do the same as we did.
An option called infinite insurance has also been introduced here. It is a good industry revolutionary option.
Unlimited insurance means that there is no limit to the insurance.
Similarly, the
infinite claim amount, as
mentioned earlier, is not a rider. We
can opt for it.  That means we can take a
sum of 5 lakhs or
10 lakhs.  Or it
means you can take unlimited sums.   At
the beginning, we don't say how much is the limit,
i.e. whether it is unlimited or not, but whether it is 10
lakhs.
This is the second infinite claim amount rider.  That means we took out this policy for a
sum assured of five lakhs
.  If
a claim of Rs 50 lakhs or Rs 1 crore comes
up during the life of the policy,
the company will settle that claim for the person included in our policy.
That is what is
called the infinite claim feature. It is the rider. Similarly,
what do we call the infinite cumulative bonus? What do we call the cumulative bonus?
We have heard before that a lakh
policy becomes 10 percent more, a lakh, a lakh, etc.
This is not the case.
Now, after that, we have heard of 2A and 3A, i.e., a
policy of 10 lakhs,
it becomes 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, 50 lakhs, and so on.
After 10 years, it is not like that here. If a person takes a 30-year-old person, a 30-year-old
person takes 10 lakhs, by the time he is
40, that is,
that plus 20 lakhs, 30 lakhs, and one crore, and
when people are 50,
it becomes two crores again. Every year,
life long.  The infinite cumulative
bonus keeps doubling and doubling every year,
meaning it's
not double, it's 10 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 20 lakhs, 30
lakhs, meaning if the base support is 10
lakhs, it will keep increasing
.  If it's 20 lakhs, then it's 40 lakhs, then it's
60 lakhs, and so on. So this is a
rider.  This also
means that if we want to, we can take it.
Similarly, it has been said that it is called Infinite Assurance. This means that
we have some
selected diseases ABCD, asthma, blood
pressure,
i.e. hypertension, cholesterol,
hyperlipidemia, diabetes,
CID, coronary artery disease. If we
have all these,
we have a waiting period of 36 days. If we have a normal
pre-excision, we
have the option to reduce it to 31 days.
That is what the company says about the Infinite Assurance method.
Similarly, there
is an Infinite Reset option, i.e. unlimited reservation, infinite times, i.e. if you take a
policy of 10 lakhs and get
discharged after 1 lakh, it will
be 10 lakhs again. And so on. There is an
Infinite Reset option called Infinite Times.
So, the
Elevate plan has come with a total of five infinite options
.  So that's
one thing.  If
you like the video, click the like button
.  Before looking at the details of the plan,
i.e.
its basic features and
riders, let's
look at the company's ICICI Lombard fundamentals.  ICICI
is a well-known name to all of us, and its base company is ICICI Lombard.
ICICI Lombard's claim
set ratio stands at 97%.   The
solvency ratio stands at a very good 2.5%, which is a
good ratio.
Similarly,
cashless facilities are available in about 15,000 hospitals.
Reimbursement is very fast.   If
we look at ICI in general,
ICI has made great strides in online services in all areas.
Similarly, if
we look at ICI's leadership, if we
look at the mutual fund industry,
ICI is leading the way in online
services. ICI has made great strides in online services
.  Similarly, health
insurance is no different. The reimbursement is very fast. If
we upload the bills through the IL Take Care app, the reimbursement is
very fast and the cash is
deposited into our account within the third day
.  This is what this
plan fundamentally says about this one ICI Lombard
.  Now, first of all, as
I said earlier,
we are buying a car with the example of
accessories,
so it is like this. There is a base
plan with about 25 add-ons.
So, let's first see what is covered as its base. Let's see
what can be covered in the base plan.
After that, let's
talk about riders. In the base
plan, that is, when we buy a plan, the
first thing that is covered is that we have the
option to choose the sum assured, that is, from 5
lakhs to 3 crores, 5 lakhs, 10
lakhs, 15 lakhs, and so on. We can choose the sum assured
as usual or
we can also use the option of unlimited sum assured.  It's
not very expensive.  It's
an option that we're very interested in.
So once we choose Samshord Unlimited,
we don't
need to think about Samshord anymore.
That option is not very costly
.  If you want
to know your exact premium, you can WhatsApp me
or call me.  You can also
purchase this plan if you
contact me.
Similarly, the room eligibility
is a single AC private room as basic in this plan. If
we take the plan as basic and do not take any add-ons, then it
is a single AC private room.
Similarly, pre-hospitalization is 90
days and post-hospitalization is 150
days, which means that the bills for the 90 days before admission and the
amount of any diagnostic tests will be
settled.
Similarly,
the bills for the 180 days after discharge will be reimbursed in a settled
reimbursement manner.
Likewise, all day care procedures available at
all day care centers
are covered.  Organ donor expenses are
covered up to Samsha, similarly Ayush
Ayurveda Unani Homeo Siddha is
covered up to Samsha, Domestic Road Ambulance is covered up to Samsha,
Similarly, it has inbuilt
surrogacy cover. When we say inbuilt
surrogacy cover, we have
come across incidents like womb rental in metros and many other places.
Surrogacy cover is inbuilt through this and
we can claim up to one lakh rupees in this.
Similarly, the
cover called Usite Cover is also inbuilt,
Usite Cover and Surrogacy have a slight
difference.  There will be another person in the Usite cover
until fertilization
.  After that, it will be up to the policyholder to use the bomb
.  Well, both are covered
.  It has surrogate cover and usite cover
.  The maximum is up to 5 lakhs.  You should
remember that.  Restoration is one-time.
That means there is a one-time 100% restoration.
This is included in the base plan.  We have the rider
option to get unlimited
.  The base plan includes a one-time 100%
restoration.  Similarly, the
cumulative bonus in the base plan
is 20% plus 100%.  That means
the plan of 10 lakhs has become 12 lakhs and 14 lakhs
.  So it will be up to 20 lakhs.   The
base plan has a rider option available for
unlimited times, meaning that there is
no limit and the rider increases by 10 every year.
I
will talk about that in the second part. Bariatric surgery is covered for it, but it has a
two-year waiting period. That is, bariatric surgery is covered for people with a BMI of 40 or above and is covered with a two-year
waiting period. Similarly,
modern surgery is covered up to the same extent. When
we take the policy, we can take a one to five-year tenure, which
means that we can pay the premium for five years together. Its advantage is that
we can
avoid the possibility of premium increase every year.
Discounts are also
available for it. Now let's move on to its add-ons. There are
a lot of add-ons, there are about 25 add-ons as
we mentioned.  Just like buying a car and adding
accessories, there
are many good add-ons that you can add if you like. You can
buy them if you like. The premium will
increase a little bit. You can
buy them or not.
What is included in the base plan?
I have already told you what the
add-ons are. Let's
see what the riders are. The first is the
infinite claim. I
had mentioned it earlier. That is, if we
take a policy of Rs. 1 lakh and a claim of Rs. 50 lakh
comes at some point during the term of the policy,
you
usually have up to Rs. 1 lakh. But if a claim of up to Rs. 50 lakh
or even a crore
comes, there is a
feature in it that settles it once during the term of the policy. If you
want to take it as a rider, there is also a rider called Power Booster.
I said earlier that the base plan is 20% and it
becomes 100%. This is
not the case here with a policy of Rs. 10 lakh.  If so,
the options are next 20 lakhs, next 30 lakhs, and so on. The
thing to note here is that if
you take unlimited sum assured, you don't need to
think about the power booster. Here, when
taking the power booster, we choose the sum assured and
take 10 lakhs, then it becomes 20, 30,
40, and so on, meaning that it will keep increasing like that throughout our lives.
That is the rider called Power Booster Jump
Start.  In terms of jump
start, the waiting period for pre-
exit diseases is usually three
years, but here
we have a
rider to reduce it to 31 days for one of the five diseases.
That is, if you have asthma, hypertension, high
cholesterol, hyperlipidemia,
diabetes, and coronary artery disease, then the
Jump Start rider, which reduces the three-year waiting period to 31 days, is available in this plan.
Similarly, the Claim Protector is a
rider that must be taken anyway. That is, if
our total bill is Rs. 1
lakh, then Rs. 1 goes to
consumables. That rider is a must and even if you do not
take any of the other riders, this one rider, the Claim
Protect rider, must be taken when you take this plan.
Similarly, there is a
rider called Inflation Protect.  We know that
hospital inflation is
increasing at 14%.  So, according to our
agreement, the inflation protection rider
is a rider that increases according to inflation. The inflation protection rider is
good to take. After taking it, the next
rider is nursing at home,
which means that after leaving the hospital,
we are given 2000 per day for the next ten days. We can
take a rider called nursing at home if we want.
Similarly, there
is a durable medical equipment rider. When we are
hospitalized, if the
doctor
tells us to buy something like a wheelchair, stick or oxygen concentrator, we can buy it. The
durable medical equipment rider is a rider that gives us up to one lakh rupees.
Similarly, there is a
compassionate travel cover. I
took a policy and I went to Delhi and
I was hospitalized. My
closest family member is given up to
200 rupees for air travel to Delhi and back.
Compassionate cover  If
we have taken the rider, the
health checkup rider is the
rider of the maximum of Rs 5000.
In this, B Fit, that is, OPD rider, is available. In
hospitals that are ICICI Lompad type,
we have a doctor there for us to do
consultation and all those
things. The
rider called B Fit is available in this.
Teleconsultation unlimited times, that is, the
rider to do as an expert specialist is available.
Similarly, if we want to
reduce the premium, we can
say that if a bill of Rs 1 lakh
comes, we
can take 10% from our hand, we can take 20%.
That means the rider is available to take a copy of up to 10%, 20%, 30%, 40%, and 50%
.
This is done to reduce premiums.
Similarly, it is called a network advantage
benefit.  This means
the company has a preferred network
.  If I say I will only go to a hospital that has this network,
there is a 10% discount on premium.   If
we go to a hospital other than this one on a cashless
basis, we will have to pay a 20% copay
.  I think that's clear. If you don't
understand anything I'm saying, please leave a comment and I'll
explain further.
Or you can send me a message on this WhatsApp and I'll tell you
.
Similarly, personal accident cover
is a rider.
This is a rider that provides Rs 50 lakh in the event of death due to personal accident. Critical
Illness Cover: This
Critical
Illness Rider is available in this Elevate plan, providing up to Rs 50 lakh for up to 20 critical illnesses.
Similarly, it has been said that convalescence benefit
is a rate that gives us 20000 per year if we have 10 days of hospitalization.
Now let's talk about discounts. There
are many discounts.
One is NRI discount. It is very
important. NRIs are given 25%
discount.
We have heard in some plans that there are
plans that give up to 50% discount,
but everyone in them has to be NRI. This is not the case here. If you get
25% discount, even if
a husband is in the Gulf and his
wife and children are in the country, you will
get 25% NR discount.
NR discount is a very useful radar in Kerala. Similarly, CIBIL
discount is a very good radar. 15%
discount. If you have a CIBIL score of 740,
then 15% discount is available for it. It is a very
good radar. Similarly, there is a tenure
discount. One year, two
years, three years, four years, five years.
Kollam, let's pay the premium together.
We have discounts available for all of that. There is also a
discount on the premium. If we
pay the premium a month in advance, we
have a discount of 2.5% on the premium.
All of this is one thing. We
get a 30% discount on all the readings.  When we
add all this up, it might be as high as 70%
.
We can only get a maximum discount of 30% on one
policy.  Now,
what are the waiting periods? The initial
waiting period is 30 days.
As we know, only accidents are covered for the first 30 days
.
Hospitalization due to illness will be covered from the 34th day.
Once you have been diagnosed with a disease, there will be a waiting period of 36 months for coverage of PD P existing diseases
.  But
I said earlier that if we add Jump Start Radar, which gives
us 31 days in case of asthma, hypertension, diabetes, hyperlipidemia, coronary artery disease, etc., we
can reduce the waiting period for pre-existing diseases. The specific
waiting period is 24 months, but if we
want it, we can call it a specific waiting
period, which is a waiting period for 18 diseases such as kidney
stones, gall bladder stones or
varicose veins.
Usually, all plans have two years to reduce it to one year,
but the option to reduce it to one year is
available in this plan.   The
waiting period for critical illness
is two years.  Maternity has a two-year
waiting period.  But
the option to reduce it to one year is available in this plan
.  Next is the Domestic Air
Ambulance Rider,
a rider that we can use for up to some air ambulances. We can
take it if we want.
Similarly, the room modify rider, as I
mentioned earlier, is a single AC private room that is
included in the plan.  If we
want to upgrade to a room, we can go to
a hospital and get a room at the top, but they
only have the top room
.  There is only a shooting room.
We
can upgrade to a room that can accommodate that.
Or you can downgrade. If you want to
reduce the premium, you can do that too, as long as you
only need a shared room
.  This means that the room modification rider
is available.  Dependent accommodation
i.e. 1000 per day. We will get 10 days of
dependent accommodation for a maximum of one year during the policy period. We have the
option of 1000 per day dependent accommodation.  Similarly,
maternity cover is a rider, but it should be added
as a rider. We get 10% of the sum
assured up to a maximum of two lakhs. The
rider is available for maternity. There is a two-year waiting period,
but
we have the option to reduce the two-year waiting period to a
minimum. There is a newborn cover in maternity by paying a
small premium extra. Newborn cover covers the first 9 days of the newborn. The
delivery sum assured
will be double. Newborn coverage will be available for the first 9 days.
Only the policy that is closed after 9 days can be added to the policy. The rider to cover the child for the first 9 days is a very important event because if the child has any complications, the newborn rider is a rider to cover the first 9 days. Similarly, vaccination for the  Newborn
Athuna of Sasha
Anpaya is a rider with a maximum of Rs. The
video is a detailed video. If
you like the video, do
n't forget to press the like button. Its
premiums are zone wise. In
cities like Mumbai, Ahmedabad, Delhi, Zone
A, the premium will be a little higher.
Zone B: Kolkata and Chennai are all Zone B.
We all
come from Zone C in the Rest of India.  But even if we
take him here and
go to Mumbai or AIIMS Delhi for
treatment, there is no need to
pay extra premium co-payment
.  We don't need to pay any extra co-
payment
.  Premium If you want
to know the premium of your premium family, you
can WhatsApp me.  I think I have tried to touch on all the points about the ICICI Bank Elevate
Plan in some detail
.   If
you liked the video, please
like it anyway.  You can send me a WhatsApp message to purchase this plan
or to compare and purchase the best health insurance
.
You can call me at this number or.   If you
haven't subscribed to this channel yet, please subscribe.
Also click on the bell icon.
This is a new financial information-based video on financial matters, health insurance,
life insurance, mutual funds,
financial basics. Please
click on the bell icon to get notified as soon as I post the video.
So, bye everyone, until we see you in the next video
.